content/sponsors/structured.md, before:

---
title: "Structured"
coords: "[-1,4]"
image: 'images/structuredLogo.jpg'
wide: true
embeds: 
    - url: "images/structuredLogo.jpg"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "Structured bringing people, business & technology"

---

### Structured is an award-winning solution provider delivering secure, cloud-connected digital infrastructure.

For nearly 30 years, we’ve helped clients through all phases of digital transformation by securely bridging people, business and technology. Customers trust us to provide valuable insight throughout the process of selecting and implementing secure and scalable IT strategies, platforms, and processes that meet modern expectations and drive measurable improvements throughout the enterprise.

Today’s connected economy utilizes technology much differently than it did a decade ago, driving change in how organizations interact with employees and clients. Further, global regulations affect companies of all sizes and mandate change to the way sensitive and personally identifiable information is obtained, processed, and stored.

To meet competitive demands and maintain relevancy in their own markets, our customers must tackle digital transformation initiatives such as consumption-based IT (XaaS), mobility and user experience, multicloud integration, a distributed workforce, and the challenges posed by IoT.

Throughout this transformational journey, they rely on us to provide design guidance, engineering assistance, and product recommendations that adhere to industry best practices, boost ROI, and – most importantly – maximize information security.


you can find Structured's website [here](https://structured.com/)

Commit message:

add structured content, add FBI logo

content/sponsors/structured.md, after:

---
title: "Structured"
coords: "[-1,4]"
image: 'images/structuredLogo.jpg'
wide: true
embeds: 
    - url: "images/structuredLogo.jpg"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "Structured bringing people, business & technology"
    - url: "images/structured/2nd_grade_worksheet.png"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "a worksheet for 2nd grade. is a color by numbers sheet."

    - url: "images/structured/3rd_grade_worksheet.png"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "a worksheet for 3rd grade. at the top is a crossword, and the bottom is a maze."

    - url: "images/structured/4-5th_decode_sheet.png"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "a worksheet for 4th and 5th grade. there are letters corisponding tonumbers at the top, and blank spaces with numbers in the middle of the screen."

    - url: "images/structured/4-5th_worksheet.png"
      type: 'image'
      alt: "a worksheet for 4th and 5th grade. the top section wants you to unscramble some words. the bottom section wants you to answer 3 questions realted to computer security."

---

### Structured is an award-winning solution provider delivering secure, cloud-connected digital infrastructure.

For nearly 30 years, we’ve helped clients through all phases of digital transformation by securely bridging people, business and technology. Customers trust us to provide valuable insight throughout the process of selecting and implementing secure and scalable IT strategies, platforms, and processes that meet modern expectations and drive measurable improvements throughout the enterprise.

Today’s connected economy utilizes technology much differently than it did a decade ago, driving change in how organizations interact with employees and clients. Further, global regulations affect companies of all sizes and mandate change to the way sensitive and personally identifiable information is obtained, processed, and stored.

To meet competitive demands and maintain relevancy in their own markets, our customers must tackle digital transformation initiatives such as consumption-based IT (XaaS), mobility and user experience, multicloud integration, a distributed workforce, and the challenges posed by IoT.

Throughout this transformational journey, they rely on us to provide design guidance, engineering assistance, and product recommendations that adhere to industry best practices, boost ROI, and – most importantly – maximize information security.


you can find Structured's website [here](https://structured.com/)
